Hi guys, How are you
I delayed but I arrived not a bit to
record because the floor full of orders
but we're here for another little recipe
and this is very easy
today we are going to make a pie of bread
chicken car welcomes the ingredients
we'll need a pound of
chopped chicken breast a packet of
some 500 grams of bread
buy that bread so that you
is accustomed 300 grams of mozzarella
chopped two boxes of sour cream
or a can of sour cream 2
chicken broth half a cup of water
tablespoon margarine and 4 tablespoons
very practical oil soup
essence view released
so come on we 'll put the oil
Here we put the margarine and let's
put the two together
Theft of a car is not
lots of meat people even wanted
put 3 who wants with caffeine can
playing rock started to raise here
You ask, do you even put the glass
to travel for that half a glass of water
to dissolve pn in his car
the dog plus a basic mix of oil
margarine
it's crazy
look there moçada mix well this broth
here is not to leave after you're
everything ready you will put the chest
then made we did the mix and
Let's put the saints chest
the chicken breast piquet cubes
you can stay the way you want
I tried with half a half spoon of salt
tablespoon of salt is limited the king
did a little understanding and he did it
Here's a mixer. Look, there we go.
let respect chicken here cook
to then next step look let
cook for 15 minutes the breast of the
chicken is well grinder then you already
You can put the sour cream
We are going to put our cream
milk
and look how wonderful
Release it easier to see
so we left our chicken breast
cooking with the 15 minutes and
we put the two boxes of cream of
Milk people look will turn into a mix
Wonderful strogano type
only it is not whoever wants to put the
tomato onion green corn can put
I did not put it because I want to do it.
one more thing so basicona for who
Do not like something, do not you?
getting very tired of this exchange then
That's when we'll let it boil.
raise boil leaves 15 minutes ee
will be ready for us to mount
our pie that is very easy
so it's okay people or ours
cream and then I did not use a form with
Margarine smacks a lot of it and I go
play the cubes and can be known
We look good too.
epa bread with homemade bread does not
do not want to regret it iffhs
I threw everything
and now it's going to be a business that will
play over that year our chicken
Look at what makes a samba is a pie
Warm, ne'er
now that the winter collection
luis palha beeeeem
I think it was lacking in the end to spread well
the scramble and victor
the luxury
take all this affection is the most delicious
itu
and let's put the hand you already know and her
explains that every part has chicken
now we'll put of our cheese
mozzarella
you can buy him piece is 300
grams out there and put the little pieces
so in the middle of your door
I do not find it here in pieces so stay
A gambiarra here looks people do not have
how to get good né cream chicken breast
of milk with bread form with cheese
mozzarella all of stealing
now we are going to take this pie to give
one step to melt this well
cheese and ready
anyone who wants to put catupiry can
put saw look good too
so this is what I'm going to take her
started to count the minutes and
I'm going back here to try the
Our Practical Pole Door
so it was ready our pie warned
let's try the mozza look there look
this is it, people, look, look what else
easy more practice
O gene means that the same goes mixed
cheese to wait a little longer
cheese here we look more than one
taste tells my car I'm here it 's a
I have a chicken and a lot of bread.
dinho
But look how pretty people look at this.
hum very good very good
make a recipe if you sign up for our
channel shares a kiss and even the
next